.TH GHI 1 "April 13, 2010"
.SH NAME
ghi \- command-line interface to the GitHub Issues API
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ghi
command
.RI [ arguments ]
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the \fBghi\fR command.
.PP
\fBghi\fP is a command-line interface to the GitHub Issues API. It can
be used to access all of GitHub's documented Issues API (v2) functionality
from the command line: open, close and manipulate issues.
.br
If no command is given, the default action is \fIlist\fR. If a number is given
instead, the default action is \fIshow\fR.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
\fBlist\fR [ \fB-s\fR \fIopen\fR|\fIclosed\fR|\fIall\fR ]
Show open, closed or all issues (choose with \fB\-s\fR, see below). Default is
\fIopen\fR.
.TP
.BI show " number"
Show issue \fInumber\fR. This command can be invoked also as \fBghi <number>\fR.
.TP
\fBopen\fR [ \fInumber\fR ], \fBo\fR [ \fInumber\fR ]
Create a new issue, and launch \fB$EDITOR\fR. If \fInumber\fR is given, reopens
that issue.
.TP
\fBclose\fR \fInumber\fR, \fBc\fR \fInumber\fR
Closes issue \fInumber\fR.
.TP
\fBedit\fR \fInumber\fR, \fBe\fR \fInumber\fR
Edit issue \fInumber\fR with \fB$EDITOR\fR.
.TP
\fBlabel\fR \fBadd\fR|\fBremove\fR \fIlabel\fR \fInumber\fR
Add or remove \fIlabel\fR to/from issue \fInumber\fR.
.br
You can use \fBal\fR or \fBrl\fR instead of, respectively, \fBlabel add\fR and
\fBlabel remove\fR.
.TP
\fBsearch\fR \fIterm\fR, \fBs\fR \fIterm\fR
Search for \fIterm\fR.
.TP
\fBcomment\fR \fInumber\fR, \fBm\fR \fInumber\fR
Create a comment for issue \fInumber\fR (with \fB$EDITOR\fR).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
Show issue details (only for show, list and search commands). Default is \fBfalse\fR.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Show program's version number and exit.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR \fISTATE\fR, \fB\-\-state=\fISTATE\fR
Specify state (only for list and search (except "all") commands). Choices are: \fIopen\fR
(\fIo\fR), \fIclosed\fR (\fIc\fR), \fIall\fR (\fIa\fR). Default is \fIopen\fR.
.TP
\fB-r\fR \fIREPO\fR, \fB--repo=\fIREPO\fR, \fB--repository=\fIREPO\fR
Specify a repository. The format: "\fIuser/repo\fR" or just "\fIrepo\fR" (latter will get the
user from the global git config).
.TP
.B \-w, \-\-web, \-\-webbrowser
Show issue(s) GitHub page in web browser (only for list and show commands). Default is \fIfalse\fR.
.SH AUTHOR
github-cli was written by Sander Smits <jhmsmits@gmail.com>.
.PP
This manual page was written by David Paleino <dapal@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
